=== 1.10.0 (2017-6-16)
* Broaden to rjack-jetty [9.2.11, 9.5) (tested with 9.4.6)
* Replace the vestigial/broken `async.callback` implementation
  with \Rack 1.5+ compliant, response (after-headers) only
  {Hijacking}[http://www.rubydoc.info/github/rack/rack/file/SPEC#Hijacking]
  support via `rack.hijack`, Fishwife::HijackedIO (with Theo
  Hultberg, #15 #16 #17)

=== 1.9.0 (2017-2-13)
* Upgrade/broaden to rack [1.6.4, 2.1). Note that the rack 2.0.1 gem
  lists ruby 2.2.2 as its minimum ruby version, thus you will need to
  run fishwife on jruby 9.x when using rack 2.x. Tested with rack
  2.0.1 and jruby 9.1.2.0.

=== 1.8.1 (2016-3-30)
* Avoid mutating the rack response headers hash as part of the special
  handling of Content-Length and Content-Type. Rack applications may
  wish to use (frozen) headers constants. (Theo Hultberg, #11)

=== 1.8.0 (2015-5-3)
* Added Fishwife::HttpServer::new :connections configuration, allowing
  multiple connectors and including SSL support. (#10 with Gregory
  Huczynski)
* Upgrade/broaden to rjack-jetty [9.2.11, 9.4), for SSL/connections
  support. Tested with 9.3.0.0 (M2 prerelease). Note that 9.2.11 is
  awaiting upstream release and backport of the same features.

=== 1.7.1 (2015-3-30)
* Add missing StringIO require from 1.7.0 rewind feature
  changes (Theo Hultberg, #8)

=== 1.7.0 (2015-2-12)
* Added a complete implementation of input stream rewind for request
  bodies, per Rack requirements. This uses an in-memory StringIO
  buffer up to a configurable threshold size before buffering to a
  TempFile.  See the associated request_body_* options of
  Fishwife::HttpServer::new. This resolves #4.

=== 1.6.1 (2015-1-24)
* Upgrade/broaden to rack [1.5.2, 1.7). Tested with rack 1.6.0.

=== 1.6.0 (2014-8-20)
* Upgrade to rjack-jetty [9.1.3, 9.3). This includes 9.2.2.0.

=== 1.5.2 (2013-12-6)
* Upgrade/broaden to rjack-jetty [9.0.0.5, 9.2). This includes 9.1.0.0
  (javax.servlet 3.1.0).

=== 1.5.1 (2013-5-7)
* Override Rack::Server to disable the default inclusion of
  Rack::Chunked middleware with "development" or "deployment"
  environments. Otherwise Jetty may treat the chunked transfer-encoded
  body as literal. The Rack::Server is used for example, when started
  via `fishwife` or `rackup`. Note: Sinatra 1.4.x now honors these
  middleware, exposing this problem as fishwife #5.

  Also note that Rack::ContentLength is included by default with these
  same environments, but is not included in other environments or
  startup paths. Sinatra ensures the Content-Length itself. If not
  using Sinatra or comparable, including `use Rack::ContentLength` is
  advisable.

* Also make Rack::Chunked a no-op, given `rackup` load order or other
  cases where used.

=== 1.5.0 (2013-3-9)
* Upgrade to rack ~> 1.5.2
* Upgrade to rjack-jetty ~> 9.0.0 (>= 9.0.0.5/v20130308 release)
* Upgrade/narrow to rjack-slf4j ~> 1.7.2, -logback ~> 1.2 (dev)
* Upgrade to json ~> 1.7.7, rspec ~> 2.13.0 (dev)

=== 1.4.1 (2013-5-7)
* Disable Rack::Server default inclusion of Rack::Chunked (see full
  description in 1.5.1)

=== 1.4.0 (2012-12-13)
* Upgrade/broaden to rjack-jetty [7.6.7,9.1). This includes 9.0.0.0
  based on upstream M3, a milestone pre-release.
* Jetty 9 seems to prefer a output stream close at end of request,
  instead of just a flush. Jetty 7 is fine with it as well.

=== 1.3.2 (2012-10-22)
* Fix an issue with StringBuffer.toString access, JRuby 1.7.0
  (release), and invoke dynamic (AKA +indy), on by default only with
  JDK 1.8. The issue and workaround was identified in mizuno #23. (Adam Zell)

=== 1.3.1 (2012-9-15)
* Upgrade/broaden to slf4j [1.6.5,1.8), logback ~> 1.2 (dev)

=== 1.3.0 (2012-2-12)
* Add OutputUtil JRuby java extension for write_body and
  write_file. This increases single threaded output performance from
  78Mb/s to 238Mb/s on my dev. host using curl against the included
  example/giant.ru test app.
* Upgrade to rack ~> 1.4.1

=== 1.2.0 (2012-1-29)
* Upgrade, widen to rjack-jetty >= 7.5.4, < 7.7 (incl. 7.6.0.0 release)
* Fixed, tests passing in 1.9 mode; at least with jruby pre-release
  1.6.6.RC1, git: 333c503 (Don Werve)
* Upgrade to tarpit ~> 2.0, bundler Gemfile, gemspec; rspec ~> 2.8.0 (build)

=== 1.1.1 (2011-11-5)
* Set Content-Type via the setContentType method (#2, Adam Zell)
* Split multiple header values on newline before adding (#2, Adam Zell)
* Prefer java_import to include_class (#3, Adam Zell)
* Add previously missing rjack-slf4j ~> 1.6.1 dependency.
* Set gem platform to java.
* Upgrade to rjack-tarpit ~> 1.4 (dev)

=== 1.1.0 (2011-9-4)
* Upgrade to jetty ~> 7.5.0
* Upgrade to rack ~> 1.3.2 (compatible with released rails 3.1.0+)
* Upgrade to rjack-tarpit ~> 1.3.3 (dev)

=== 1.0.0 (2011-8-18)
* Initial release of fishwife, hard-forked from Mizuno 0.4.0
* Jetty via rjack-jetty ~> 7.4.5
* Logging via rjack-slf4j and default output rjack-logback
* Improved error handling and logging of errors.
* Fix; setStatus takes an int (PJ Hyett, mizuno: #7)
* Rewrote HttpServer based on ServerFactory for greater customization,
  options support.
* Added Rack::Handler::Fishwife for rackup -s support (mizuno: #13)
* The gem has dependencies
