= Fishwife

* http://github.com/dekellum/fishwife

== Description

Researching fishing and salting process is supposed to increase the
fishing jetties output. That is, jetties rack holds 9 fish, with
Fishing (10%) and Salting Process (30%), their rack should hold 12
fish.

They will go through the motion of placing more fish in the rack, but
the program doesn't count more than 9. So, Fishing and Salting Process
is a waste of research.

Note: One fishing jetty with one fish monger can feed 33% more people
than one goat farm and one butcher.

-- {tomnobles}[http://www.civcityforums.com/index.php?topic=1672.20;wap2], 2009-10-23

=== Mizuno

Fishwife is a fork of {Mizuno}[https://github.com/matadon/mizuno]

Mizuno is a set of Jetty-powered running shoes for JRuby/Rack. It
provides a handler for Jetty 7 on JRuby; multithreading, event-driven
I/O, and async support.

=== Features

Mizuno also supports asynchronous request handling, via the Java
Servlet 3.0 asynchronous processing mechanism

All the speed comes from Jetty 7; Mizuno just ties it to Rack through
JRuby's Ruby/Java integration layer.

Note that Mizuno is NOT a direct replacement for jruby-rack or
Warbler, because it doesn't produce WAR files or make any attempt to
package a Rack application for installation in a Java web container.

== Synopsis

To use Fishwife with your Rack app:

    gem install fishwife
    cd /path/to/my/rack/app

    fishwife

-or-

    rackup -s Fishwife

You don't need to set up a Java web container for your Rack
application to run under JRuby, because Mizuno works just like
Mongrel, WEBRick, Thin, or any other standard Rack handler.

== Logging

Fishwife requires
{rjack-slf4j}[http://rjack.rubyforge.org/slf4j/RJack/SLF4J.html] which
provides a unified interface for Java/Ruby logging. Jetty auto-detect
SLF4J's presence and logs there. A logging output provider must also
be loaded. The fishwife script will load
{rjack-logback}[http://rjack.rubyforge.org/logback/RJack/Logback.html]
if found or otherwise fall back to `rjack-slf4j/simple`.  If you are
starting Fishwife through some other means than the fishwife script, you
will need to load an output provider (see linked docs.)

== License

Copyright (c) 2011 David Kellum

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You
may obtain a copy of the License at:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

=== Mizuno

Copyright (c) 2011 Don Werve

Mizuno is licensed under the Apache Public License, version 2.0; see
the LICENSE file for details.

Jetty is dual-licensed under the
{Eclipse and Apache open-source licenses}[http://www.eclipse.org/jetty/licenses.php],
and its development is hosted by the
{Eclipse Foundation}[http://www.eclipse.org/jetty/].
